#### 10. What are extensions in Swift? What can you do with them?
Extensions allow you to add new functionality to an existing struct, class, enum or protocol without modifying the original source code.
We can 
- Add computed property
- Add methods
- Conform to protocols.

```
extension Int { 
	func toString() -> String { 
		return "\(self)"
	}
}
```

#### 11. What is the difference between `nil` and `Optional.none` in Swift?
There is no difference between nil and Optional.None
.None is an enum representation of nil.

```
let value: Int? = nil  // Same as
let value2: Int? = Optional.none
```

---

####  12. What are higher-order functions in Swift? Give examples.
Higher order functions are the functions that:
- Take functions as arguments.
- Return a function as their result.

Common Higher order function: map, filter, reduce.

---

#### What is a closure in Swift? How is it different from a function?
Closure is a block of code that can be passed around.
Unlike functions, closures can capture values from their surrounding context.
```
let printUserName = { name in 
	print("Username is: \(name))
}

printUserName("Gaganjot")
```

---

#### 14. What is the difference between `weak`, `strong`, and `unowned` references in Swift?
- Strong: Default reference. Keeps the object in memory until explicitly set to nil.
- Weak: A reference that does not increase the reference count. Becomes nil automatically when object is deallocated.
- Unowned: Like weak, but it does not become nil. Use when we are sure the object will always exists during the reference’s lifetime.

```
class User { 
	var name: String

	init(name: String) { 
		self.name = name
	}
}

class House { 
	weak var user: User? // Prevents strong reference cycle
}
```
